Hi , my name is Waleed Raza i am a Focused and detail-oriented Software Engineer, with a working Experience of more than 8 years of experience in software development, requirement gathering, software analysis, and testing, I have cultivated my skills as a focused and detail-oriented professional.

I have showcased my expertise in Laravel and PHP through several projects. One remarkable example is the creation of a tailored social media ads management platform for Facebook and Instagram. I engineered this platform to efficiently handle campaign audiences, dynamically adjust budgets, and enhance adset split functionality, ensuring seamless management of advertising endeavour’s, all while optimizing performance and ensuring security. Additionally, I integrated third-party APIs and built a custom CMS using Laravel to allow easy content management. This experience showcased my in-depth knowledge of Laravel's capabilities and my ability to leverage PHP to create efficient, scalable, and feature-rich applications

In my previous roles, I had the privilege of leading a team for over 2 years, where I honed my leadership skills and gained valuable experience in project management. I am confident in my ability to effectively manage projects, allocate resources efficiently, and foster a collaborative team environment to achieve project goals.

I have developed both the functional and aesthetic components of the Software (primarily Web Application) , i bring along the sense of ownership towards my project with proactive approach towards my responsibilities,i enjoyed teaming up with different people in order to deliver an interactive up to the mark product (responsive Software Applications) that meets the client needs without compromising the standards.
